Added test to use policy forwarding and AFT rules (#4036)
openconfig/featureprofiles: feature/policy_forwarding/encapsulation/otg_tests/inner_ttl_ipv4/README.md

Reviewer: perhaps rename filepath to:

feature/policy_forwarding/otg_tests/match_ip_set_ttl_ipv4/README.md

Author: Thank you

# PF-1.11 Rewrite the ingress innner packet TTL

> Create a policy-forwarding configuration using gNMI with action set-ip-ttl.
> Create AFT entry to perform encap and set the outer TTL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This test uses policy-forwarding to set the IP TTL.  It contains 2 scenarios as subtests:
1. Apply this policy alone on an ingress interface.
2. Apply this policy in combination with a gRIBI programmed next-hop which performs encapsulation and sets the TTL on the outer, encapsulation packet.
```

## Procedure

> ### TE-1.11.1 Rewrite the packet TTL = 1, if the incoming TTL = 1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### TE-1.11.1 Rewrite the packet TTL = 1 if matching a specified destination IP.
```

```
* Push the gNMI the policy forwarding configuration
* Push the configuration to DUT using gnmi.Set with REPLACE option
* Send traffic from ATE port 1 to DUT port 1 with TTL as 1.
* Using OTG, validate ATE port 2 receives packets
  * Validate packet ttl as 1.

### TE-1.11.2 Rewrite the ingress innner packet TTL = 1, perform encap and set the outer TTL.
**[TODO]** Test code needs to be implemented.

Building on TE-1.11.1, gRIBI client should send this proto message to the DUT to create AFT
entries.

```proto

> network_instances: {

Reviewer: use the proto formatted text like at:
https://github.com/openconfig/featureprofiles/blob/27b6dc48817c6d6fddd08494f54812cedb702ad2/feature/gribi/otg_tests/mpls_in_udp/README.md?plain=1#L44

Author: Thank you added the proto format form mpls in udp, sorry I was using an older one.

        }
      }
      ipv4_unicast {
        ipv4_entry {
          prefix: "ipv4_inner_dst_B"
          next_hop_group: 200
        }
      }
      next_hop_groups {
        next_hop_group {
          id: 200
          next_hops {            # reference to a next-hop
            next_hop: {
              index: 200
            }
          }
        }
      }
      next_hops {
        next_hop {
          index: 200
          network_instance: "group_B"
          encap-headers {
            encap-header {
              index: 1
              type : OPENCONFIG_AFT_TYPES:MPLS
              mpls {
                pushed_mpls_label_stack: [200,]
              }
            }
          }
          encap-headers {
            encap-header {
              index: 2
              type: OPENCONFIG_AFT_TYPES:UDP
              udp {
                src_ip: "outer_ipv6_src"
                dst_ip: "outer_ipv6_dst_B"
                dst_udp_port: "outer_dst_udp_port"
                ip_ttl: "outer_ip-ttl"
                dscp: "outer_dscp"
              }
            }
          }
        }
      }
    }
  }
}
```
* Send traffic from ATE port 1 to DUT port 1 with inner packet TTL as 1.

> * Using OTG, validate ATE port 2 receives MPLS-IN-GRE packets

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Using OTG, validate ATE port 2 receives MPLS-IN-UDP packets
```

  /network-instances/network-instance/afts/next-hop-groups/next-hop-group/state/next-hop-group-id:
  /network-instances/network-instance/afts/next-hop-groups/next-hop-group/next-hops/next-hop/state/index:
  /network-instances/network-instance/afts/next-hop-groups/next-hop-group/next-hops/next-hop/state/network-instance:
  /network-instances/network-instance/afts/next-hops/next-hop/encap-headers/encap-header/state/index:
  /network-instances/network-instance/afts/next-hops/next-hop/encap-headers/encap-header/state/type:
  /network-instances/network-instance/afts/next-hops/next-hop/encap-headers/encap-header/state/mpls/pushed-mpls-label-stack:
  /network-instances/network-instance/afts/next-hops/next-hop/encap-headers/encap-header/state/udp/src-ip:
  /network-instances/network-instance/afts/next-hops/next-hop/encap-headers/encap-header/state/udp/dst-ip:
  /network-instances/network-instance/afts/next-hops/next-hop/encap-headers/encap-header/state/udp/dst-udp-port:
  /network-instances/network-instance/afts/next-hops/next-hop/encap-headers/encap-header/state/udp/ip-ttl:
  /network-instances/network-instance/afts/next-hops/next-hop/encap-headers/encap-header/state/udp/dscp:

rpcs:

>   gnmi:

Reviewer: add the gribi rpcs like at:

https://github.com/openconfig/featureprofiles/blob/27b6dc48817c6d6fddd08494f54812cedb702ad2/feature/gribi/otg_tests/mpls_in_udp/README.md?plain=1#L234-L238
